Add User Guide for Tag Management (#83)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `clear`

### Creating a Tag : `addtag`

Creates a new tag in ContaX.

Format: `addtag n/TAGNAME`

* The `TAGNAME` parameter **must** be specified.
* If the `TAGNAME` already exists (case-insensitive), the tag will not be created.

Examples:
* `addtag n/Potential Clients` Creates a tag named *Potential Clients* in the address book (if it does not exist).

### Editing a Tag : `edittag`

Edits an existing tag in ContaX.

Format: `edittag f/OLD_TAGNAME t/NEW_TAGNAME`

* All parameters **must** be specified.
* Changes the name of a tag`OLD_TAGNAME` to `NEW_TAGNAME`.
* `OLD_TAGNAME` and `NEW_TAGNAME` are case-insensitive.

> * An error would be thrown if either `OLD_TAGNAME` cannot be found or `NEW_TAGNAME` already exists in Contax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An error would be thrown if either `OLD_TAGNAME` cannot be found or `NEW_TAGNAME` already exists in ContaX.
```

Spelling error

Author: Noted and fixed.

Format: `clear`

> ### Creating a Tag: `addtag`

Author: Noted and fixed for subsequent actions too

> Creates a new tag to Contax.

Author: Noted and fixed for subsequent actions too.

Format: `addtag n/TAGNAME`

* The `TAGNAME` parameter **must** be specified.
* If the `TAGNAME` already exists (case-insensitive), the tag will not be created.

Examples:
* `addtag n/Potential Clients` Creates a tag named *Potential Clients* in the address book (if it does not exist).

### Editing a Tag: `edittag`

Edits an existing tag in Contax.

Format: `edittag f/OLD_TAGNAME t/NEW_TAGNAME`

* All parameters **must** be specified.

> * Edits a tag specified at `OLD_TAGNAME` and updates to the tag specified at `NEW_TAGNAME`.

Reviewer 2: I would phrase this to be clearer here.
```suggestion
* Changes the name of a tag `OLD_TAGNAME` to `NEW_TAGNAME`.
```

Author: Noted and fixed

* `OLD_TAGNAME` and `NEW_TAGNAME` are case-insensitive.
* If `OLD_TAGNAME` cannot be found, the command will not execute.

> * If `NEW_TAGNAME` already exists in Contax (case-insensitive), the command will not execute.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest the command throw an error instead of failing silently.

Author: Noted. I have made this change in delete tag too

Examples:
* `edittag f/New Clients t/Prospective Clients` Changes the name of the tag *New Clients* to *Prospective Clients*. Command will be ignored if the tag *New Clients* does not exist in the first place or *Prospective Clients* already exists in Contax.

### Listing All Tags: `listtags`

Shows a list of all tags in Contax.

Format: `listtags`

**Example output**

![List Tags](images/ListTag.png)

### Deleting a Tag: `deletetag`

Deletes the specified tag in Contax.

Format: `deletetag n/TAGNAME`

* The `TAGNAME` parameter **must** be specified.

> * Deletes the tag that matches the tag name (case-insensitive) e.g. *students* is the same as *Students*.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest using code chunk formatting to make your examples clearer.
```suggestion
* Deletes the tag that matches the tag name (case-insensitive) e.g. `students` is the same as `Students`.
```

Author: Noted and fixed in `findByTag` too.

> * When the tag is deleted, all persons that contain this tag will have the tag removed.

Reviewer 2: I feel phrasing is weird here, in particular,
> "all persons that contain this tag".

Author: Noted on the phrasing. Below is the proposed change:
> Upon deletion of the tag, Contax will disassociate contacts that contain the specified tag.

* If `TAGNAME` cannot be found, the command will not execute.

Examples:
* `deletetag n/friends` Deletes the tag named *friends* and disassociates any contacts that have the *friends* tag.

> ### Finding Contacts by Tag: `findtag`

Reviewer 2: I suggest naming it `findByTag` to make it more intutitive.

Author: I agree and have made the necessary changes.

Finds persons whose tags match the given tag names.

Format: `findtag t/TAGNAME`

* The `TAGNAME` parameter **must** be specified.
* Search is case-insensitive e.g. *clients* is the same as *Clients*.

> * If the specified `TAGNAME` does not exist in the address book, the command will not execute.

Reviewer 2: I suggest returning an empty output or failing with error instead.

**Edit** | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`
**List** | `list`
**Add Tag** | `addtag n/TAGNAME` <br> e.g., `addtag n/Potential Clients`
**Edit Tag** | `edittag f/OLD_TAGNAME t/NEW_TAGNAME` <br> e.g., `edittag f/New Clients t/Prospective Clients`
**List Tags** | `listtags`

> **Delete Tag** | `deletetag n/TAGNAME` <br> e.g., `deletetag n/friends`

Reviewer 2: This is incomplete, you left out the `findtag` command.

Author: Sorry! I have added it in/
